The changes and fixes are now done,   but i have still noticed many issues, about from the login, I cant still login using anyother emails using, when i register, it seems the account made won't be accepted, please check this out and when i purposely still fill in the incorrect credentials, the message appears "These credentials are not..." This message, even though the one i purposely make a incorrect attempt is the password field, the message appeared under the email field, its better to it should appear at the top of email field and below the StudHub Text, is this better? What do you think? Next is in the Chat Interface, the new messages appear from bottom to top, is this correct? Or it should be from top to bottom? As i also noticed from other chat messaging apps, and the uploading of documents still has issues, when i upload i upload a document, there no knowing if there is a something have been uploaded, there's no even some loading processes on this when its fully loaded and ready to send, when i send a text, the document also appears to have been both being send, but the name of the file does now being shown, instead a "Attachment" only text, instead of the original name with the format extension of it, with particular type of icon of the attachment(docu, image, text, etc.) when i click the attachment, it redirects me to another page, i know that its downloading something but then i was encountered with the Forbidden error. But when it comes to resources module, the uploading is working, those the uploaded icon type differs if what is being uploaded? (Document icon, image icon, text icon, etc.), the My Shelf should have a filtering (image, document, text, etc.) and search feature as it should be right?, and when i check out the Lends module, how does the Lent and Borrowed happens? Or where does this happen? I can't seem to find on where does this happens, also i noticed the Request feature that can only be found(as i observed) in the home page, I can't seem to find on where does the new request can be found? Next is the Leaderboard module, the "How ranking work" info guide, is it better to move it as a info form and make a question mark icon with cicle outline besides the Leaderboard text, make it noticable as the user will click, make this the same with other modules, like the Chat, etc, is this a right approach? . Next, I am also confused with the Admin side as we modified the feedback thing, the Admin has also a course and a year, then it should be a admin student? Each department of colleges has a program head and dean, then is it better to make them the Admin and moderator? The Admin in this department is the program head? And the dean is the moderator? And making a Super Admin for the highest authority and making the Administrative side of the campus the Safety and Security Office(SAO)?, What do you think is the best approach, then the SAO should be the one who receives the feedbacks, the Admin and Moderator should also maybe has a submitting feedback, and can also receive a feedback but only with their respective courses? What do you think is the best approach?, Also i noticed the logo on the tab window header( i don't know the exact name or what does this called, but please refer to my attached images), it has still uses a SH logo, it uses the real logo but not consistent across the system, in the home page, the very guest home page when you first access the system, the logo is in internet globe or earth logo. I also noticed in the guest home page, when you are in the Help and the Acceptable Use Policy, i am in a guest side which is good, when i click it any from there in the nav or drop-down menus, it redirects me to login, but why in the localhost:8000/login, this is already not should be used since we are using a modal, also in the Help section, there is a text error, it was showing a " Help &amp Guide" and in the about the Badge and Tiers, the tiers is still about bronze, silver, and gold or maybe am i understanding it wrong? The different badge and new tier system should be shown what can be achieved and about them, but we should restraint or limit on what to share about each badge and tiers, its icons and info and definition, this specific badge and tiers about should also be seen in the Leaderboards module? Or maybe it's not necessary?, the hidden tiers of Badge should not be mentioned the names, but only make the users aware that there are hidden. I also noticed that the entire system has no Back Buttons at all , which is necessary. All in all please make a best decision for our system as per fit for our purpose,